Hack Club laptops don't need chargers; they run on pure enthusiasm.
Hack Club projects don't crash; they take a brief power nap.
When Hack Clubbers code, compilers pause to take notes.
Hack Clubbers don't fear deadlines; deadlines fear Hack Clubbers.
Hack Clubbers don't fix bugs; bugs submit improvement requests.
Hack Clubbers don't wait for opportunities; they code their opportunities 
Hack Club projects have so much potential, they once powered a rocket with pure imagination.
Hack Club stickers have been known to increase terminal speed by 300%.
Hack Club doesn't just have stickers; they're so popular, they're considered the currency on Mars.
When asked how many hacks he could finish in a day, a Hack Clubber smiled and said, "All of them.”
Orpheus once debugged an entire data center just by giving it a stern look.
Orpheus doesn't need syntax highlighting; code glows brighter when he reads it.
Orpheus doesn't debug code; bugs automatically fix themselves to avoid disappointing him.
Hack Club projects are so innovative, Elon Musk calls for advice.
Hack clubbers once wrote an app so useful, Apple asked to pre-install it.
When Heidi the Hakkun gives coding tips, AI assistants take notes.
Once, a Hack Clubber stared at a truck. It's now called Optimus Prime.
Heidi the Hakkun doesn't need to test her code; it runs perfectly on the first compile.
Once, a Hack Clubber stared at a server rack. It's now known as the backbone of the internet
Hack Club stickers are so legendary, they've been rumored to boost Wi-Fi signals just by being nearby.
Hack Clubbers don’t break builds; they perform unexpected feature releases.
Hack Clubbers don’t need Stack Overflow; they’re the answer key.
Orpheus once wrote a chatbot that passed the Turing Test in binary.
Orpheus’s favorite IDE theme? “Jurassic Dark.”
Orpheus once wrote a recursive function that calculated the meaning of life.
Hack Clubbers don’t read datasheets. They stare them down until they get the information they want.
The dinosaurs looked at Orpheus the wrong way once. You know what happened to them.
Hack Clubbers do not hunt for bugs because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Hack Clubbers go killing bugs.
Hack Clubbers don't wear a watch. They decide what time it is.
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Hack Clubbers from coding. It didn’t work.
Hack Clubbers once wrote a program that counted to infinity — twice.
Hack Clubbers can delete the Recycling Bin
Hack Clubbers built the language they code in.
Hack Clubbers once used wrong sytax in Java. It is now the latest release of Java.
Orpheus starred in Star Wars. She was the force.
Bigfoot claims he once saw Orpheus.
Hack Clubbers mines bitcoin in binary.
